Add streams bounds (#43)
meilisearch/MeiliES: README.md

So let's check that and specify to one client the point in time where we want to start reading events.
Once there are no more events in the stream, the server starts sending events at the moment it receives them.

### Stream name specification

A stream name is composed as follow.

`{name}{:from}{:to}`

- name: the name of the stream, case sensitive, must not contain space (prefer dash-separated words).

> - from: Specifies the first event number to begin with. Optional value, if it's not set meilies will start fron the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- from: Specifies the first event number to start reading from. Optional, if it's not set MeiliES, will start from the end.
```

> - to: Specify the last event number to send (exclusive range). Optional value, will never stop if it's not given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- to: Specifies the last event number to send (exclusive range). Optional, will never stop if it's not given.
```
